# Douglas Holanda - Projects

# Documentation

Kotlin veterinary clinic project with entities for interaction: veterinarian, client, and animal (associated with the client). This project is based on the 'Unified Modeling Language' book, by brazilian Guileanes Guedes, from Federal University of Pampa - Brazil. In this project, there are two veterinarians, they can enter the system through user authentication and password. In the same way, for the customer, there is an initial interaction that disputes the existence of a registration, if he does not have one, he can make this registration in the system that will generate an ID (primary key) for this customer that will also define a username and password. Once registered, the customer can register, remove and change their pet's data, to make a query, they must enter their pet's id (primary key) and if it is of an emergency nature, the pet's query is allocated before conventional appointments in the query queue. The veterinarian, after entering his page in the system, is directed to carry out the consultation and therefore, the queue begins to move, through the consultation, the veterinarian can decide if there are exams and from then on, define the treatment as clinical (hospitalization or surgery) or at home (medication, rest or physical therapy). A consultation costs 250.00 dollars and an exam 150.00 dollars, through this, the user pays these expenses with his pet by one of three ways: cash, card or bank transfer. In all functions where there is a need for proofs, such as registrations, removals, changes or financial transactions, a voucher is generated with date and time obtained from the operating system and universal ID, all made from APIs (applied programming interface) and functional methods of Java and Kotlin libraries.


